---
title: "2022-06-24"
created: 2022-06-24 00:00:05
updated: 2022-12-04 15:53:35
---
  * [[Life Journal]]
    * [[Điều gì đã xảy ra trong ngày vừa qua]] Nếu bạn viết nhật ký vào buổi sáng, câu hỏi này có nghĩa là ngày hôm qua. Nếu bạn viết nhật ký vào buổi tối, câu hỏi này có nghĩa là ngày hôm nay vừa kết thúc. Bạn viết những điều tốt, xấu, vui, buồn, và bất cứ điều gì bạn muốn nhớ sau này.
      * Trở về nhà sau hai ngày đi [[Team Bonding]] cùng các em [[Các bé CC]], đã từ rất lâu không đi chơi, cảm thấy hơi đau đầu.
      * Cùng đội nhóm [[Cả công ty SIC]] thiết lập [[Habit Tracking]] từng người chia nhỏ giữ trách nghiệm cho nhau.
      * Quyết định giành phần thưởng cho những thành viên xuất sắc một chuyến đi massa tại [[Sen]].
    * [[Chiến thắng lớn nhất của bạn là gì]] Điều này cho bạn một động lực để bắt đầu ngày mới. Nếu bạn viết nhật ký vào buổi tối, nó có thể mang lại cảm giác thỏa mãn và hoàn thành.
      * Cùng đội nhóm [[Cả công ty SIC]] thiết lập [[Habit Tracking]] từng người chia nhỏ giữ trách nghiệm cho nhau.
    * [[Bạn đã học được bài học gì]] Bạn cố gắng chắt lọc những trải nghiệm của mình thành một hoặc hai bài học mà bạn muốn nhớ. Điều quan trọng nhất không phải là những gì xảy ra với chúng ta mà là những gì chúng ta học được từ đó.
      * Nói chậm, ít lại, lắng nghe nhiều hơn.
      * Những người xung quanh ta đến với ta để được giúp đỡ, hãy ngồi lại và lắng nghe nhiều hơn câu chuyện của họ.
    * [[Ngay bây giờ bạn cảm thấy biết ơn điều gì]] Đây là một cách thiết thực để bạn có thể nuôi dưỡng ý thức về sự phong phú và lòng biết ơn.
      * Biết ơn những chuyến đi, những người đồng hành cùng những hoạt động tại [[Team Bonding]] để được lắng nghe những câu chuyện thú vị.
      * Biết ơn những người vẫn luôn yêu thương và tin vào giá trị của bản thân mình.
      * Biết ơn mình vì đã vượt qua khoảng thời gian khó khăn nhất!
    * [[Hiện tại bạn cảm thấy như thế nào]] Cảm nhận không phải là tất cả, nhưng chúng là nơi bắt đầu. Trong quá khứ, bạn thường bỏ qua hoặc đè nén chúng. Chúng cho bạn một cơ hội để rà soát lại bản thân mình.
      * Nhớ và mong [[Anh Bé]] sau 3 ngày không gặp
    * [[Bạn đã đọc hay đã nghe những gì]] Ở đây, bạn liệt kê những cuốn sách, bài viết, đoạn văn hay các podcast quan trọng mà bạn đã tiếp thu kể từ lần trước bạn viết nhật ký.
      * Làm mọi thứ như ngày đầu tiên:
        * Đến công ty như ngày đầu tiên được nhận làm thực tập
        * Về đến nhà như ngày đầu tiên trở về tổ ấm chăm lo gia đình, chồng và con
        * Nấu cơm như những bữa đầu tiên học được một món ăn ngon
        * Ăn cơm cùng nhau, tập trung, chú ý như những ngày đầu mới quen
        * Cùng nhau trò chuyện như những ngày đầu tìm hiểu
        * Ôm và hôn như những ngày đầu cùng nhau
    * [[Có điều gì nổi bật]] Bạn không muốn đánh mất những gì bạn học được khi đọc và nghe, vì vậy nên bạn ghi lại những nội dung chính.
      * Câu chuyện của [[Đặng Hoàng Giang]] khiến mình đã suy nghĩ về những gì cần phải làm cho [[Các bé CC]]]:
        * Vấn đề:
          * Mông lung, mô định, không biết mình giỏi gì?
          * Không tự tin và hay so sánh mình với những người xung quanh khác
          * ..
        * Giải pháp:
          * Hệ thống tracking thói quen
          * Định vị bản thân (life secret)
          * Review đánh giá 1 tháng 1 lần (công ty)
          * Bonding gần 3 tháng 1 lần 
          * Bonding xa 6 tháng 1 lần
    * [[Bạn có thể làm gì tiếp theo để tiến tới mục tiêu của bạn]] Bạn suy nghĩ về các mục tiêu và lịch trình của mình và xác định một số hành động chính mà bạn có thể làm để đạt được sự tiến triển. Đây là những thông tin mà bạn sẽ viết trực tiếp vào 3 Điều Quan Trọng Hàng Ngày trong cuốn Kế Hoạch Cuộc Đời của bạn trong mục Hàng Ngày.
      * Hoàn thành [[Habit Tracking]]
  * [[Learning]] [[Wetube]] [[IM]]
    * Week One - Model, offer, and mindset
      * Vision
        * **Goal** Mục tiêu:
          * Profit $
          * Client results ....
          * Happiness:...
        * **Guiding principles****** Nguyên tắc
          * Simplicity
          * Efficiency
          * Results
          * Profit
          * Fun
        * **How it works****** Hoạt động như nào?
          * During beta
            * Monday’s @ 10am Pacific — weekly content release
            * Wednesday’s @ 10am Pacific — Collab call (2h)
            * Thursday’s @ 3pm Pacific — Collab call (2h)
          * After beta
            * When necessary — new content release
            * Monday’s @ 10am Pacific — Collab call (2h)
            * Thursday’s @ 3pm Pacific — Collab call (2h)
        * **How to contribute****** 
          * Show up
          * Be cool
          * Share your best stuff
          * Get to the point
          * Use less words
          * This isn’t a public customer support system
          * Get a fast ROI, relax, and have fun!
        * **Let’s get this party started**
          * Complete your Skool profile
          * Introduce yourself to the group and share a pic of your workspace ([use this template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12dEfkcskISq1bd-fCddRgukg_VgcoJsokzP-RpkE90U/edit))
          * If somebody catches your attention, reach out to them!
      * Model
        * Description
          * Big picture overview of the model and how it works
          * The traffic engine and traffic sources
          * The product engine - "two-step mastermind"
          * The math that makes it work
          * The team that keeps it running
          * The website, VSL funnel, and launch funnel
        * Resources
          * [Big picture (Figjam file)](https://www.figma.com/file/WScnM4fEaZdXqMneGVILTJ/Wetube---model?node-id=0%3A1)
          * [Model math (Google sheet)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hSSca1DAmcL4MiGpULs23ATddrbRRBraX-9WdjOzcIo/edit?usp=sharing)
        * Action items
          * Complete the [Big picture (Figjam file)](https://www.figma.com/file/WScnM4fEaZdXqMneGVILTJ/Wetube---model?node-id=1216%3A79) for your business
          * Complete the [Model math (Google sheet)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hSSca1DAmcL4MiGpULs23ATddrbRRBraX-9WdjOzcIo/edit#gid=348704947) for your business
      * Offer
        * Description / How to define your mastermind offer, price, and member cap. Here's what we cover:
          * Fundamentals: Niche, goals, problems, solutions, and principles
          * Creative process: Ideas to spark creativity
          * What makes an offer "magnetic" — articulating something people can sense
          * What makes an offer unique — creating your own style through principles
          * Defining your mastermind offer, what's included, price, and member cap
        * Resources
          * [Offer overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1byHN99bg5HtpUphUxEqQS2i-IEz9dOhExVy_2jo41j0/edit?usp=sharing)
            * **Fundamentals******
              * Niche — a space/group of people care about *(follow your heart)*
              * Goals — what do people in this niche want? *(get out and talk to them)*
              * Problems — what do people in this niche struggle with? *(get out and talk to them)*
              * Solutions — who has a solution to these problems? *(become an investigator)*
              * Principles — what values will you use to form your solution? *(develop your style)*
            * **Creative process******
              * Innovation begins with frustration — it’s all feeling. What sucks? Why does it suck?
              * How could this be fun? Ideas begin…
              * Narrow your scope — who is if for/not for?
              * Constraints breed resourcefulness and creativity - try adding some for fun
              * What parts can you remove? How simple can it be?
              * Borrow ideas from other industries
              * Stop looking at what others are doing, what's hot, and what people are talking about
              * Use your own senses and imagination - trust your ability to figure things out
              * Who cares what you used to say, forget your opinions and views — just fix it
              * Network alone isn’t enough - what’s your vision for the space? What's the value prop?
              * Something magnetic happens when you create something that's real/pure/from the heart
              * Try to find a perfect harmony/balance where you get all of the pros and none of the cons
              * Map out the model, map the processes, look at the numbers, and start thinking…
              * What “pings” are you getting from the universe? Sharpen your intuition
              * Imagine the future of your space? What do you see? What trends are happening?
              * Map your offer next to competitive offers on the [strategy canvas](https://d.pr/i/HiKaco)
              * You’re looking for [“product-market fit”](https://d.pr/i/1sbQZE)
              * Solve your own problems, be the guinea pig, and create for yourself (if possible)
              * Get it right, prove it — then all you need to do is communicate what you’ve got (no spin)
              * Pull together all the pieces you need - if you can’t, consider collaborating with somebody
              * The mechanics of the offer should create demand on their own
              * Be playful/childlike with the process, don’t force it, your feelings are guiding you
              * Talk to your team every day, see what they think, and bounce ideas off of them
          * [Offer mechanics worksheet](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12RFwC5TuN7KVsbeWHSAWitnzycVkm6vjlSvRyM9EXQg/edit?usp=sharing)
        * Action items
          * Define your fundamentals
          * Start brainstorming using the creative process prompts
          * Define your mastermind offer on 1-page using the [“Offer mechanics worksheet”](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12RFwC5TuN7KVsbeWHSAWitnzycVkm6vjlSvRyM9EXQg/edit?usp=sharing)
      * Mindset
        * Description/ How to feel good, be positive, and create things people love. Here's what we cover:
          * Wholistic mindset — finding a perfect balance/harmony in all areas of your life
          * Biological — sleep, diet, hydration, sunlight, and exercise
          * Psychological — work, security, home, and love
          * Relationships — family, friends, clients, and team
          * Purpose — vision, values, goals, and structure
          * Virtues — communication, honesty, trust, and commitment
          * Other important things that hold everything together
        * Resources
          * [Mindset (Figjam file)](https://www.figma.com/file/X1mvY9e1cU6TvJofz1uDPM/Wetube---mindset?node-id=0%3A1)
        * Action items
          * Starting at the inner circle and working outwards, identify areas of your life you're weak, and start fixing them 1-by-1 to achieve an overall balance/harmony.
      * Converting new model
        * **Important notes:******
          * Don’t try to build everything at once, you build this in stages, piece-by-piece
          * Set some accurate expectations: To perfect this model takes years of hard work
          * Decide what you want to build (architectural blueprints)
          * Make a plan to build it (sequencing, scheduling, dependencies, time)
          * Start building it by doing 1-thing at a time
          * As you run into obstacles, ask for help in the community, collab calls, and from friends
        * **Where do you start?****** Frontend Mastermind or Backend Mastermind?
          * If you’re starting from scratch — start with the Frontend Mastermind
          * How do you know when it's time to start a Backend Mastermind?
            * You have 100+ paying customers
            * You have star students with amazing results
            * They have new emergent needs that need solving
            * They’ve expressed interest in working with you at a higher level
          * What if you already have a course, but it’s not time to start a Backend Mastermind?
            * Is the course new/small?
            * If yes; consider transitioning customers to annual /year billing [(Maria’s letter)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12AgqgGNfHEDX_cRAHEbnD_pfNJ72lBk0hXnN8-kARLk/edit?usp=sharing)
            * If yes; consider keeping current customers on 1-time, new ones get /year billing
            * If no; it’s probably due for an update anyway, consider launching a new product
        * **Help, I’m freaking out! **
          * This new model contradicts a lot of what I’ve been doing/saying — but is it better?
          * Don’t copy me verbatim: I provide ranges, but it’s not science — your prices, member caps, etc. won’t be mine — find what works for you!
          * What’s the difference between a “Course” and a “Mastermind”?
            * Course = content. Mastermind = people
            * Course = 1-time pricing. Mastermind = annual subscription
            * Course = static. Mastermind = dynamic
            * Course = isolation. Mastermind = collaboration
          * Why would people keep paying /year to be in my mastermind? Results, information that’s currently working, and a community as obsessed as they are about the craft
          * I don’t know how to transition to this new model, or where to start?
            * Breathe. Analyze your frustrations/impulses and figure out what your problem is
            * Try to define a clear problem statement or question and brainstorm solutions
            * Still stuck? Post your problem statement or question in the Wetube community
            * Get on a Zoom call with a Wetube member and brainstorm, Collab calls, etc.
    * Week Two - Launch, beta, and sales
      * Launching a mastermind
        * **Pre-launch audit**
          * What assets do you have? Customers, email list, YT, social media, etc.
          * Do you have star students who’re a perfect fit for your new mastermind?
          * List your assets from hottest to coldest
        * **Getting your first few customers**
          * Talk to your star students and tell them what you’ve got in mind
          * Just message them and jump on a Zoom call
          * The idea here is to get your first few customers before you launch publicly to make sure your offer is good and the way you communicate the value is clear
          * Tweak the offer, pricing, messaging, etc. until you get your first few customers
          * Once you’ve got some customers, you’ll have: confidence, validation, offer, messaging, and you’ll know the common questions/objections, and how to handle them
          * Now you’ve got everything you need to launch publicly!
        * **Launching a Backend Mastermind (BEM)**
          * Get your first few customers privately and run 1 live event before launching publicly
          * After your first live event, you’ll be on a high, you’ll have tons of confidence, and you’ll know how to promote your mastermind because you were just talking to the customers in person, and you’ll thoroughly understand who they are, what they want, etc.
          * You will also have: photos of the event and you’ll know what material was “hot” (got people's attention, delivered value, created excitement) — perfect for marketing!
          * At this stage, you can use the [Opportunity Funnel](https://www.skool.com/wetube/classroom/5dde4001?md=2fc8e11b695f4d238643b14716991d07) to promote it publicly
          * You can use the [Opportunity Funnel](https://www.skool.com/wetube/classroom/5dde4001?md=2fc8e11b695f4d238643b14716991d07) whenever you want more customers!
          * You can also promote it on your website using a [Product Page](https://www.consulting.com/quantum)
          * You can also promote it to your FEM customers in the group 1-month before the events
        * **Launching a Frontend Mastermind (FEM)**
          * Get your first few customers privately and tell them the start date (1-month out)
          * Once you’ve got some customers, you’ll have: confidence, validation, offer, messaging, and you’ll know the common questions/objections, and how to handle them
          * At this stage, you can use the [Launch Funnel](https://www.skool.com/wetube/classroom/5dde4001?md=7f4aaa065e1e451cb00bd082b9680b8f) to promote it
          * After you’ve launched it, you should focus on building it out and making it great
          * Once it’s built out, you’ll have confidence, clarity, and ideas to promote it more
          * At this stage, you can use the [Opportunity Funnel](https://www.skool.com/wetube/classroom/5dde4001?md=2fc8e11b695f4d238643b14716991d07) to promote it whenever you want
          * At this stage, you can use the [VSL funnel](https://www.skool.com/wetube/classroom/5dde4001?md=601463bfa2c64e52bd4bec5c906a48f8) and [YouTube Ads](https://www.skool.com/wetube/classroom/5dde4001?md=46b2dd3059bf40c8b454a8c736222bac) to promote it continuously
        * You can also promote it on your website using a [Product Page](https://www.consulting.com/quantum)
      * Launch funnel 
        * **Step 1. Make a plan **
          * Use the [War map planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MuZBjp3VAJ7yKJWnAAVsJne6PQR_d4jq-4pq5kUsw1E/edit?usp=sharing) to map key events
          * Coming soon teaser (14 days)
          * Launch and enrollment (30 days)
          * Co-creating in “beta” (6 weeks)
        * **Step 2. Coming soon teaser **
          * Create a coming soon page with a “Join waitlist” CTA [(example here)](https://www.wetube.com/coming-soon)
          * It should launch 14-days from when you announce it
          * Post about this in your customer groups [(example here)](https://d.pr/i/dar3ak)
          * Email this to your list and post it on social media
          * The idea here is to build a waitlist, anticipation, hype, and excitement
          * Engage with people to handle objections, answer questions, etc. (pay attention!!)
        * **Step 3. Create the launch funnel**
          * Create a launch page with a video explaining your new mastermind [(example here)](https://www.wetube.com/live)
          * The video should be 10-30m and it should cover your “offer mechanics” [(example here)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gdRalaQnHEaVtoMvhIm1o6dxwjfMihsLvNHx_DmruUc/edit?usp=sharing)
          * Video tips: Get to the point, show don’t tell, example > explanation, show them what they get, show proof of results, explain how it works, get people to apply, explain next steps
          * Note: You don’t have to reveal the price (there are pros and cons to this)
          * It should start 30-days from the launch date to give yourself time to market, enroll, create
          * Specify a member cap for the beta that you believe you can fill
          * High volume? [Video page](https://www.wetube.com/live) → [$99 deposit](https://www.wetube.com/join54316381) → [Google survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScMbbwKJSaFgGAMM2tBXEOxGFqCyxRQWkHGswPOHxwquSJXuA/viewform?usp=sf_link) → Manual processing
          * Low volume? [Video page](https://www.wetube.com/live) → [Calendly + survey in one](https://d.pr/i/KdTGRQ) → Call
        * **Step 4. Launch**
          * On launch day - publish your launch page
          * Email it to your waitlist, entire email list, and post it on social media, etc.
          * Post about it in your customer groups [(example here)](https://d.pr/i/rTeKd4)
          * Get the video and upload it to your YouTube channel if you have one [(example here)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kc-p1qLCdKQ)
          * Email your entire list to the YouTube video using different angles/hooks
          * Do whatever you can to drive traffic to the launch page/video
          * Here are some [emails we sent as examples](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q2eZ6SCMCO4M25D0fULQu_V7gEEdbONHLwFYfitRqIQ/edit?usp=sharing)
          * Do whatever you can to promote your launch as hard as you can from every angle
        * **Step 5. Enrollment **
          * High volume? Manual processing: Score/sort applicants → Make beta list → Email them to get them into beta (link to buy or call) → Work down the list till you hit member cap
          * Low volume? Take calls → Sell them into beta → Keep selling till you hit member cap
          * Oversubscribed? Good! Sell people into Wave #2 (after the beta ends), Wave #3, etc.
          * We had: 911 waitlist → 437 $99 deposits → 180 $9,800 sales (3x Wetube waves!)
      * Opportunity funnel
        * **Step 1. Find an opportunity**
          * To use this funnel, you must be running your mastermind and looking for opportunities:
          * Always be observing your community, events, collab calls, sales calls, team, the market
          * Something that’s “hot” — got people's attention, delivered value, and created excitement
          * Pattern of results — clients sharing wins solving a problem with the same strategy/tactic
          * Upcoming event — you’ve got the date, location, pics, and people can imagine attending
          * New year — January is a hot month for masterminds due to new year's resolutions
        * **This is typically how it goes for us;**
          * We face a problem in our own business
          * We solve the problem for ourselves
          * We share the solution with our mastermind clients
          * We notice they’re super engaged, they do the same thing, and post wins of it working
          * We take this proven pattern and use it to get more customers!
        * **Step 2. Make a plan **
          * Use the [War map planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MuZBjp3VAJ7yKJWnAAVsJne6PQR_d4jq-4pq5kUsw1E/edit?usp=sharing) to map key events
          * Find your opportunity and plot the key events
          * Plan the “weekly theme” for the email broadcasts
        * **Step 3. Create the opportunity funnel**
          * Create a landing page with a video explaining the thing that's hot [(example here)](https://go.consulting.com/new-year)
          * The video should be 10-30m, it should present the thing that’s hot, and mastermind pitch
          * Video tips: present problem then solution, provide something they can use (value), get to the point, show don’t tell, example > explanation, transition to showing how mastermind clients are winning with this, show them what they get in here, ask them to be a part of it
          * Note: You don’t have to reveal the price (there are pros and cons to this)
          * Tell them exactly when/where the next few events will be, show photos, videos, etc.
          * Specify a member cap for the current wave of enrollment you’re trying to fill
          * Funnel process: [Video page](https://go.consulting.com/new-year) → [Calendly + survey in one](https://d.pr/i/KdTGRQ) → Call
        * **Step 4. Promote it, hard**
          * Publish your landing page
          * Email it to your entire email list, and post it on social media, etc.
          * Post it in your customer groups ([example #1](https://d.pr/i/hnl1vY), [example #2](https://d.pr/i/EH0DLc), [example #3](https://d.pr/i/r4ZTpa), [example #4](https://d.pr/i/IA0tHS))
          * Get the video and upload it to your YouTube channel if you have one [(example here)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQ5WuEtsMt0)
          * Email your entire list to the YouTube video using different angles/hooks
          * Do whatever you can to drive traffic to the landing page/video
          * Here are some [emails we sent as examples](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QkCDW7SnRUhjIBR6r1dHyR0a6kNCP9kA4_D1x7T3BnI/edit)
          * Do whatever you can to promote your opportunity as hard as you can from every angle
          * When/if you fill your current “wave”, tell everybody “It’s full”, they’ll want it more!
      * Sales call formula
        * **Daily prep — ******
          * Improve your inner circle (Wetube 1.4)
          * Track KPI’s (review strengths and areas of improvement)
          * Warm-up your areas of improvement
          * Check audio/video
        * **Pre call — **
          * Review the prospect’s application
          * Calibrate your breathing
          * Be the tide, not the current
        * **On call —**
          * Motivation for booking the call (trust, brand-awareness, urgency)
          * Ask questions that help you identify if any problems exist (create these from Wetube 1.3)
          * Identify the prospect’s problem-awareness (how long, implications, solution attempts)
          * What outcome do they want if the problems are solved?
          * Clarify anything alog the way. It’s important they say it out loud, and both of you hear it.
          * Decide if you are ready to make an offer during this call (can you help, do they trust you)
          * If no; then identify timeline, budget, and set call 2 (ideally within 1 week max)
          * If yes; state your offer (expertise, timeline walk-through + customized outcomes)
          * Answer specific questions the prospect has along the way
          * Share your price when the prospect asks
          * If objections are present, your goal is to get the truth about them, then try to handle them
          * Objection - They don’t trust you understand their problems/goals
          * Objection - They don’t trust the offer is a good fit
          * Objection - They don’t trust the investment makes sense/budget
          * Objection - They don’t trust themselves (to execute, support from partner, timing)
        * **Post call —**
          * If the client signed up, ensure they get access to everything
          * If you set call 2, send information breaking down your offer (written and video)
          * If the prospect didn’t set call 2, follow up 2-4x over the next 14d to set call 2
        * If the prospect goes cold, let your Youtube channel, emails, and retargeting do the nurturing
    * Week Three - Making a mastermind
      * Traffic machine
        * **Masterminds find better ways of doing [THING] by doing it and helping other people do it**
          * Masterminds typically value;
          * Doing > teaching
          * Individuals and interactions > processes and tools
          * Results > instructions
          * Responding to change > following a plan
        * **What makes a mastermind great?**
          * Passionate leader, with a vision for the space, a strategy, leading by example
          * A leader who sees members as peers and doesn’t think of themselves as above them
          * Everybody doing the same thing (different niches, countries, stages) but the same goal
          * High alignment from shared goals, values, and framework/model for application
          * Passionate members, with a positive attitude, and a willingness to share
          * Continuous improvement happening in real-time
          * Members with amazing results
          * A strong culture built by tight individual relationships
          * More of a family feel, more fun, and no judgment or ego
          * More intimate and collaborative instead of a rigid structure
          * Members who value information and know how to use it to get results
        * **Things to avoid**
          * External speakers coming in to give random keynotes
          * Lack of coherence/integrity in the information being shared
          * High ego members who want attention more than results
          * Members with totally different situations who shouldn’t be there
          * Flaky members who don’t stay for long
        * ******Other random tips**Something special happens when you get a group focusing together on the same thing - a new level of shared consciousness emerges that’s greater than the sum of its partsPlaying jazz vs orchestra — good masterminds make emergent music
          * Is your relationship with your public audience or your mastermind clients?
          * Make a badass mastermind and share glimpses of the inside with your public audience
          * Keep improving yourself and sharing what you’re doing and why live with your clients
          * Learn from your clients and collaborate with them as peers
          * Keep it high level, move fast, and let the clients pull the depth from you
          * Share your best stuff, share the problems you’re facing — be one of them!
          * Removing other crap from your business so you can FOCUS on your clients
      * Group and tools
        * **Why Skool?**
          * It provides a “home” for your mastermind group
          * Everything in one place: Community, classroom, calendar, chat, and notifications
          * You can email broadcast your mastermind with 1-click
          * You and your members only need to remember 1-thing to find everything
          * Engagement is high, communication is coherent, and it’s distraction-free
          * It simplifies your business so you can focus on the things that matter
        * **Creating a group**
          * [Click this link to create your own Skool group with a 14-day free trial](https://www.skool.com/join?ref=b156464d8bc745348c237fae7cb0f63d)
          * Skool is $99 /month /group
          * We pay 40% of MRR if you refer people, or if they create a group from your group
          * This means Skool becomes an income stream for you, not a cost
        * **Setting up your group**
          * Name, description, URL, icon, cover image, rules, links, and categories
          * Creating courses or event recordings
          * Hosting your videos with Wistia, Vimeo, Loom, and soon with Skool!
          * Creating a calendar for your call schedule or live events
          * Accommodating global timezones
          * Hosting your calls and live events with Zoom
          * Optimal Zoom settings (for calls and events) [here](https://d.pr/i/QlK8Rz), [here](https://d.pr/i/xrZJ61), [here](https://d.pr/i/ZoBGOi), [here](https://d.pr/i/TzrDyY), [here](https://d.pr/i/Q7gs91)
          * Optimal Loom settings (for recording content)
          * Inviting your members using: csv upload, email, link, or webhook
        * **Best practices**
          * In your first module, get your members to introduce themselves with a [simple template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12dEfkcskISq1bd-fCddRgukg_VgcoJsokzP-RpkE90U/edit)
          * Create a welcome post with a 2-3m how to get started video and pin it to the feed
          * Announcement category (admins only) for important updates + email broadcasts
          * Create a link to a “Group schedule and resources” post with more links
          * Upload/post your call recordings in a “Call recordings” category
          * Share stuff with your group to encourage a culture of sharing
          * Communicate with your group - try to post/broadcast once per week
          * Check on your group and respond daily (make your activity chart solid green)
        * **Daily workflow**
          * Check all notifications and reply to necessary posts/comments
          * Check all chats and respond
          * Check the feed for posts you may have missed (normal, then filter by newest post)
          * Think if you need to announce, communicate, or share something with your group?
          * Make sure your group culture is good (if it isn’t, think about how you can fix it)
      * Frontend Mastermind
        * **Elements**
          * Instructions — course content that tells members what to do
          * Community — Skool group where members interact
          * Collab calls — weekly Zoom calls discussing the implementation of instructions
          * Coaching — 1on1 Zoom calls with you or your account managers
          * Events — virtual Zoom events where you share updates every 3, 6, or 12 months
        * **Evolutionary stages**
          * Beta — creating the content live, fixing bugs, adding features, product-market fit
          * Growth — new enrollment waves, stabilizing the group, and operational logistics
          * Adaptation — continuous improvement, member retention, maintenance growth
        * **Stage 1 — Beta (build it and prove it)**
          * Map the weekly content, create week 1, and launch it to your beta group
          * As members are consuming week 1, you’re working on week 2, this continues
          * Try to keep the weekly collab calls focused on the content from the current week
          * This way you can record the collab calls and add them as modules to fill the gaps
          * If “bugs” emerge during your collab calls, add “feature” modules to solve them
          * Naturally, members will start asking about things covered in future modules — this shows you what you need to create, when, and what specific things people want
          * This stage completes when you complete the content and your clients get results
        * **Stage 2 — Growth (sell it and stabilize it)**
          * Promote your mastermind using the Opportunity funnel and VSL funnel + YT ads
          * Keep enrolling new waves until you hit your desired member cap
          * As you grow, you need to keep supporting your group: Collab calls + Community
          * As you grow, you need to build systems/processes to handle the operational logistics
          * As you grow, you need to innovate to stabilize the group + make sure people are happy
        * **Stage 3 — Adaptation (improve it and retain members)**
          * Keep improving your mastermind by fixing bugs and improving the model
          * Use your mastermind as a way to spot problems people are facing and a sounding board for what’s working and who’s doing interesting things in the space
          * The best way to do this is by continuously improving your own approach (by practicing) and sharing it with your group on the weekly Collab calls and with quarterly virtual events
          * Build strong relationships and make sure clients are getting results with quarterly 1on1 Zoom check-in calls you/your account managers do with clients
      * Backend Mastermind
        * **Elements**
          * Instructions — these come from your Frontend Mastermind and event recordings
          * Community — Skool group where members interact
          * Collab calls — weekly Zoom calls discussing whatever is necessary
          * Coaching — 1on1 Zoom calls with you or your account managers
          * Events — in-person or virtual Zoom events for 1-3 days every 3, 6, or 12 months
        * **Live events — Logistics**
          * Venues: Small = house or Airbnb. Big = event space or hotel conference room
          * Catering: Small = restaurant or Postmates. Big = food trucks, catering, or hotel
          * Recording: Small = videographer with 1-camera/mic. Big = team with multi-camera/mic
          * Editing: Try to avoid editing. Small = 1 continuous stream. Big = live camera/mic switch
          * Publishing: Cut the videos into 2-hour chunks and add them as a Skool course
          * Tips: 2-hour lunch breaks for hanging out, good food/drink onsite, get people to hangout
        * **Live events — Preparation**
          * Mindset: I’ve been preparing for this everyday by running my biz, I don’t need a script
          * Planning: Prepare a loose agenda so you’ve got a structure to stick to ([example here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13XPhQ1trzSaIBkMXzipII2ssnl30YuILjPElKN0je7A/edit))
          * Key members: Know who you’ll tap to share their wisdom on key topics
          * Handouts: Prepare some handouts/worksheets if necessary ([example here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1STP9ndoe_6K0dDKcLENEa8xaXHq-AK_9h-waqaoXckE/edit))
          * Whiteboard: Highly recommended for brainstorming on different topics
          * Day before: Set up the room, video equipment, test it, get comfortable, and visualization
        * **Live events — Flow / Structure**
          * Housekeeping: Welcome, schedule, bathrooms, drinks, lunch, dinner, etc.
          * Member introductions: Go around the room and introduce yourself using [this template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gj7qDf6AUqZm9gjTGa69fVt2jfdCW56WQj5JmO1VS0w/edit)
          * Big picture: Share the high-level model/map with all the main components for success
          * Retrospective: Share what you learned from the quarter and members to do the same
          * Quarterly plan: Share your plan for the next quarter and members to do the same
          * Main topics: Ask what they want to know, define things, person closest to it shares
          * Emergence: Don’t be too rigid, leave room for things to emerge organically, iterate live
          * Spare time? Ask if anybody has questions, what to talk about? do member hot seats
        * **Virtual events**
          * Venue: Schedule a Zoom webinar for each day of the event, share links in Skool group
          * Zoom settings: I share the optimal settings in [3.2 Skool group and tools](https://www.skool.com/wetube/classroom/5dde4001?md=6a65119fea0b40548687b1003812adf5)
          * Preparation: It’s pretty much the same as stated above for live events
          * Flow/structure: It’s pretty much the same as stated above for live events
          * Tools: Use a Google doc to write on (while sharing screen) to keep the group focused
          * Take advantage of the environment you’re in, get technical, review stuff, explore stuff
          * Record the events, cut the videos into 2-hour chunks, and add them as a Skool course
    * Week Four - Funnel, email, and organic
      * Traffic engine
        * Overview of the traffic engine we use to generate customers. Here's what we cover:
          * How everything works together in concert
          * Website
          * Email newsletter
          * YouTube channel
          * VSL funnel
      * Website

      * Email Newsletter
        * **Goals**
          * Build an email newsletter: Website opt-in and VSL funnel
          * Send 3+ emails /week to build a relationship with the list
          * Generate calls, clients, and YouTube subscribers/video views
        * **Schedule**
          * Decide how many emails you want to send each week (3+ recommended)
          * Plot the days you’re going to send them on your War map planner
          * Commit to send the emails on the same days at the same times (eg. 10am)
          * The day you publish your YouTube video, you should email your list to that
          * The other 2+ days can be used to generate calls to get clients
        * **Workflow**
          * Are you sending an email today? Check your War map planner
          * What’s it for? Updating your audience, generating calls, or new YouTube video?
          * If generating calls, make sure the calendars have room for bookings
          * Idea generation: Scroll through your Skool group, topics on recent collab calls, topics from events, talk to your team at daily standup, sales calls, market trends, etc.
          * Go to ActiveCampaign, create a campaign, and select your entire list (engaged 90d)
          * Copy the template from your last email to use a consistent format
          * Start writing: Short punchy sentences, small paragraphs, less is more, images when necessary, bulleted/numbered lists, tie it all together with a conclusion, strong CTA
          * Test by sending it to yourself and checking your links, format, spelling, and headline
          * Broadcast it to everybody
          * Use the email copy for social media posts if you want
          * Try to complete this entire process in 30-mins or less. Use the constraint for creativity.
        * **Examples**
          * [See some of my email broadcasts here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gFrfRX2M2ZxI1GcFQOPFmaTrm96hhlmAtnS6pvLN57M/edit?usp=sharing)
          * Opt-in to successful people's email lists to build a folder of theirs
          * The secret to this is to use your environment, situation, and senses to inspire you. Write things in the moment, as you’re experiencing them — that is the key!
          * Try to come up with patterns to write emails with, this makes things much easier
          * Writing good emails is like building a muscle, you have to train it with reps over time
        * **Measuring effectiveness**
          * Open rates: 48-72 hours after sending, you should have >10%. >20% is amazing
          * Click through rates: I typically ignore these
          * Filling the calendars: This is the most important thing! Did the email fill the calendars?
          * This is why we like to email directly to the Calendly page most of the time
      * Youtube
        * **Expectations**
          * Passion — if you don’t love making it, nobody will love watching it (all about feeling)
          * Consistency — you need to make 1-video per week every week
          * Time — you need to commit to this for at least 2-years
        * **Strategy**
          * Differentiation: How is your channel different from everyone else?
          * The key: Find a mix of your personal interests and your niche ([see this diagram](https://d.pr/i/xquJx9))
          * What do you think of when you hear “Joe Rogan”? Weed, aliens, MMA, standup, meat
          * Personal interests: List the things you’re interested in
          * Niche: List the topics your niche is interested in
          * Example: “Mindset” (boring) → becomes → “Skating, metal, and mindset” (interesting!)
        * **Preparation**
          * Camera — use your iPhone and a [selfie stick](https://www.amazon.com/Extendable-Wireless-Shutter-Compatible-Android/dp/B07K5QVJV3/) (keep it simple)
          * Location — decide where you’re going to record and get comfortable with it
          * Schedule — What day/time to record? What day/time to publish? (plot on Warmap)
          * Ideas list — Create a Google doc for listing ideas when you have them (bookmark it)
          * YouTube channel — Create a channel and name it (your name will do)
        * **Workflow**
          * On your day to record, look at your ideas list and see what jumps out at you, some people like to look at YouTubers in their niche to see what video topics are popular
          * Pick an idea and create a Google doc to define the title and ~5 bullet points to talk to
          * Do you need any props or visuals to make your point? If yes, gather them
          * Go to your location, get your camera, look at your Google doc, and start to record
          * Try to record in 1 continuous stream so you don’t need to edit. If you need to edit, I suggest you use Screenflow because of its simplicity or hire an editor (complexity)
          * Upload your video to YouTube, monetization on, add description, title, thumbnail, etc.
          * Thumbnails: These are important, you can use [customthumbnails.com](http://www.customthumbnails.com), or find a contractor on UpWork, you can see what they’ll look like on [www.thumbsup.tv](http://thumbsup.tv)
          * Make sure everything is configured correctly and save it as “Unlisted” (important!)
          * On your publish day, at your publish time - change it to “Public” and hit save
          * Send an email to your list (linking to video) immediately after publishing it (important!)
          * Tell people about your new video on all your social media channels
        * **Formula**
          * Intro — use the first 5 seconds to hook your audience and tease the video so they stay
          * Bullet points — cover the meat of the video by talking to your list on your screen
          * Props — use images, props, whiteboard drawings, or anything to make it interesting
          * Ending — end your video by asking people to like, subscribe, and comment
      * VSL Funnel
        * **Step 1. Make the pages**
          * Open your funnel building tool (we use/recommend [ClickFunnels](https://www.clickfunnels.com/?cf_affiliate_id=441668))
          * Create the pages: Opt-in, video, schedule, and success
          * If you use ClickFunnels, you can import the [funnel template here](https://app.clickfunnels.com/funnels/9933760/share/l9rtucb9rmr1pfwq)
          * Add your Calendly embed code to the schedule page ([use a survey like this](https://d.pr/i/9bPYCF))
          * Calendly config: Accept calls 4-days out, customize the calendar event, integrate it with your Zoom account, and make sure you use both email and SMS reminders
          * Edit all the pages to make them your own and test on desktop and mobile
        * **Step 2. Make the video**
          * The VSL video should be between 10-30m
          * Start by opening a Google doc and listing the elements of this structure:
          * Structure: Hook, big problem/solution, 3-5 smaller problems/solutions (with relevant testimonials woven in if you have them), conclusion, call to action.
          * Start listing ideas for each element of the structure and refine till you’re happy with it
          * Decide how you want to make your video: Slides, whiteboard, screen-share, Loom, etc.
          * Make sure you have clear audio - use a high-quality microphone
          * Record your video and upload it to [Wistia](https://wistia.com/) with a video thumbnail ([see mine](https://consultingcom.wistia.com/medias/j81338amj0))
          * Embed your video code to your video landing page and test it on desktop and mobile
        * **Step 3. Make the automation**
          * Open your marketing automation tool (we use/recommend [ActiveCampaign](https://consulting.com/activecampaign))
          * Create a list called “List: VSL optins”
          * Create a form called “Form: VSL optin”
          * Create these tags: “VSL: optin” and “VSL: booked call”
          * Create an automation sequence that follows up if they don’t book a call
          * If you use ActiveCampaign, you can import the [automation template here](https://tplshare.com/So6xOBc)
          * Edit the automation template to use your form, list, and tags
          * Edit the email templates to use your name, email address, subject lines, copy/images
          * Publish your automation
          * Connect Calendly to ActiveCampaign with Zapier and get it to apply the “VSL: booked call” tag when somebody books a call using your specified Calendly calendar
          * Test your automation by doing end-to-end tests - make sure the flow works properly, all the buttons and links work, and the right emails send at the right times with the right links
        * **Examples**
          * Sam Ovens (Consulting.com) [VSL funnel here](https://go.consulting.com/evergreen-optin)
          * Jonathan Courtney (Workshopper) [VSL funnel here](https://go.ajsmart.com/start)
          * Quazi Johir (RealityCreator) [VSL funnel here](https://go.realitycreator.com/ist-optin)
          * Mitch Gonsalves (ExecutiveAdvantage) [VSL funnel here](https://www.executiveadvantage.co/simple-training)
          * Check out other successful people in your niche to learn from their funnels
  * [[Daily Meeting]]
    * [[Vinh danh người có chiến thắng trong ngày]]

    * [[Bài học các thành viên chia sẻ trong ngày]]
      * Những điều kiện thuận lợi cho việc học
        * Thời giờ: 
          * Phần đông đều muốn học chớp thời gian > Như việc tưới cây: từ từ.
          * Thời giờ đủ lâu tạo ra bề sâu.
        * Tinh thần tản mát
          * Nếu như một người có thời gian biểu linh tinh các hoạt động không đồng nhất > Bản thân chúng ta có những buổi gặp xã giao miễn cưỡng...
          * Cương quyết tổ chức thời gian, bênh vực thời gian quý báu
          * Phải biết từ chối!
          * Những người quyết tâm đào tạo cho mình một đời sống "tự học" > học cuộc sống ẩn dật (đi chuyên sâu vào chuyên môn)
        * Sống đơn giản
          * Sống đơn giản # Sống đạm bạc!
          * Đời sống gia cư kha khá về nghiệp chung (...)
          * Một cây đèn tốt là như nào?
            * Một cây đèn thắp sáng được
        * Học như một con ong hút nhuỵ chứ không phải một con bướm dẫn hoa!
          * Học như vậy bề rộng: hay biết, gì cũng hay > Bướm dẫn hoa
          * Tập trung bề sâu > Ong dẫn nhuỵ
        * Tập trung tinh thần (sức mạnh sự tập trung)
          * Naponeol: có thể làm việc liên tục 18h
      * Tư duy
        * Óc tổng quan: chống lại sự tản mát tinh thần (có bức tranh tổng quan)
        * Óc nhân quả: đứng trước sự kiện gì cần tìm ra nguyên nhân gốc rễ
        * Óc tế nhị: đọc xong so sánh, quan tâm đến những sự khác nhau
        * Óc tán thưởng: mọi người đều ao ước có hiểu biết, nhưng muốn có hiểu biết thì hãy nhìn nhận đời bằng một con mắt trẻ thơ (đặt như câu hỏi... nhìn nhận góc nhìn tươi mới)
          * Issac newton nhìn quả táo rơi...
    * [[Báo cáo công việc trong ngày]]
      * [[Sale]]
        * AC 
          * Nhắn tin cho anh [[Quang Trung]]
          * Dự định tổ chức webinar [[Mạnh Vũ]]
            * Zoom
            * Email?
          * Nhận vấn đề từ #[[Nam Trường]]
            * Prospecting không còn hiểu quả
            * Mong muốn tìm khách!
              * Join webinar zalo các trung tâm khác!
            * Sẽ đặt lịch meeting với anh Trường
        * Sales
          * Hẹn [[Diệp An - Bùi Hằng]] trước 30.6 chuyển nốt 5K
        * Hoàn tất chi phí [[Team Bonding]]
          * Xem sạc loa
        * Trực máy, hệ thống
          * Số lead mới: Không có số lead mới (có 2 comment)
      * [[System]]
        * AC
          * [[Nam Trường]] 
            * Có ba học viên nhưng bị lỗi, không tiếp tục 3 học viên
            * Chưa xây dựng được văn hoá doanh nghiệp (chưa đọc sách)
          * [[Thọ Hiển]]
            * Givaway - IG
            * Webinar 
        * Lịch Calendly
          * Giải quyết bằng hệ thống
        * Gửi bảng Habit Tracking
          * Follow 
        * Email marketing: chưa hoàn thành

        * Slide/ Video youtue: submit ngày mai

      * [[Marketing]]
        * AC
          * [[Huỳnh Thơ]] 
          * [[Trang Bùi]]
            * Đã gửi insight cho team
          * [[Thọ Hiển]]
            * Nội dung webinar
            * Chuẩn bị thêm câu hỏi: muốn thuê một designer nhưng đang gặp khó khăn (trao đổi lại với Tuyết, tuyển dụng nhân sự)
        * Gửi bảng Habit Tracking
        * Gửi kế hoạch 5 năm - tháng - tuần
        * Reels
          * Chiều nay gửi lại Thảo
      * [[Customer Success]]
        * AC
          * [[Trinh Hồ]] meeting: nhân sự, muốn triển khai khách hàng với sản phẩm giá cao!
          * [[Bảo Ngọc]] hẹn lịch meeting, liên hệ với Thảo
        * Đã quay và gửi [[Team Bonding]] #[[Habit Tracking]]
        * Liên hệ massa chiều nay
    * [[Điều cần cải tiến trong ngày]]
      * Làm việc một cách có hệ thống
        * Coaching KH:
          * Chiến thắng
          * Khó khăn / Vấn đề
          * Mong muốn
          * Câu hỏi
          * Trả lời
          * Bài tập
        * Nơi đồng bộ thống nhất, lưu trưc dữ liệu
          * Roam
          * ...
        * Báo cáo từng người trong cuộc họp:
          * AC
          * Đọc sách
          * Habit Tracking
      * Set time và work
      * Đọc sách: chia sẻ điều hay tại #reading
    * [[Điều mọi người thấy biết ơn trong ngày với công việc]]
      * Chuyến đi #[[Team Bonding]]: chuyến đi ý nghĩa, được kết nối
      * Được lắng nghe những câu chuyện của các bạn...
      * Biết ơn chuyến đi massa chiều nay.
    * [[Tổng kết deadline]]
      * Học các khoá học đã phân chia
      * Gửi lại habit tracking