---
title: "2022-12-11"
created: 2022-12-11 09:11:11
updated: 2022-12-12 07:56:08
---
  * [[Mediation 45]][[Tiêu chuẩn không đàm phán]]
    * [[Thu Hồng]]
      * T1: Update chương trình "High-Ticket Bootcamp 45" lên 
        * The New Rich (có cắt nhỏ) 
        * 20.12
      * T2: Thiết kế tài liệu [[Khoá học]] 
        * Tên các khoá
          * [[High Ticket Team]] (bên anh Đức)
            * Viết ra Notion file note các slide (theo khung chương trình)
            * Nguồn:...
          * [[Copywriting]] (bản cũ)
            * Slide
            * Workbook
            * Tài liệu
            * Viết ra Notion file note các slide (theo khung chương trình)
          * [[Fractional Team]] (bản cũ)
            * Slide
            * Workbook
            * Tài liệu
            * Viết ra Notion file note các slide (theo khung chương trình)
        * Yêu cầu hoàn thiện
          * Slide
          * Workbook
          * Tài liệu
          * Viết ra Notion file note các slide (theo khung chương trình)
        * Chính sách: mỗi tài liệu thiếu phạt 20.000/bài
      * T3: Quà tặng Tết
        * Nhân viên: danh sách ship trước 10.1
        * Học viên: danh sách ship trước 10.1 - 300K
          * Coaching
          * Bootcamp
      * T4: Chỉnh file này về nhà mình: Sucess Path
        *  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VNnUgo9biN8IkoqO-Rnv47PZoKYuo1SRNW5S5Ikwp1Y/edit#gid=230403016 
        * 30.12
      * T5: [[The New Rich]] trang web 
        * (như Latter)
      * Daily
        * [[Email]]
          * [[50 Letters New You - New Year]] mỗi email thiếu phạt 20.000/bài
          * [[High Ticket]] mỗi email thiếu phạt 20.000/bài
          *  Email đôi khi nên có tài liệu đính kèm
        * [[CCG]]
        * [[Setter&Closer]]
      * Weekly:
        * Coaching Call học viên coaching
      * Lưu ý:
        * Mỗi tài liệu thiếu phạt 20.000/bài
        * Mỗi học viên, nhân sự thiếu (không nhận được quà) phạt 20.000/người
        * Mỗi email thiếu phạt 20.000/người
    * [[Phương Hoàng]]
      * T1: [[FF]] Lịch Warmap công ty Freedom Friday 
        * Life Secret
        * Reading
        * Work out
        * Tổng kết năm
      * T2: Học: CTT, LCH, HTB + [[FF]] Đọc sách
        * Ghi chép bản tiếng Việt (notion)
      * T3: Học: Course Pro + [[FF]]Đạp xe, outdoor
      * T4: [[FF]] Review công ty
        * Life Secret
      * T5: Họp theo cấu trúc coreteam
        * Review:
          * [[Đâu là thách thức lớn nhất mà chúng ta đã vượt qua]]
          * [[Đâu là điều bạn tự hào về bạn]]
          * [[Đâu là điều tự hào nhất về  mình (hoặc đồng đội của mình)]]
          * [[Tự đặt tay lên vai và cảm ơn chính mình!]]
          * [[Viết sự biết ơn với chính bản thân và thành viên trong team, và chia sẻ nó!]]
          * [[Cảm nhận mọi người phần vừa rồi]]
          * [[Roam/caocaogram-2026-04-14-10-44-40/Nhìn vào con số tháng/ quý/ năm qua Điều gì đã làm tốt|Nhìn vào con số tháng/ quý/ năm qua Điều gì đã làm tốt]]
          * [[Roam/caocaogram-2026-04-14-10-44-40/Nếu được chơi lại tháng/ quý/ năm qua Điều gì có thể làm tốt hơn|Nếu được chơi lại tháng/ quý/ năm qua Điều gì có thể làm tốt hơn]]
        * Plan:
          * [[Roam/caocaogram-2026-04-14-10-44-40/Tháng/ Quý/ Năm nay mọi người (cá nhân) muốn có bao nhiêu (mục tiêu tài chính)|Tháng/ Quý/ Năm nay mọi người (cá nhân) muốn có bao nhiêu (mục tiêu tài chính)]]
          * [[Roam/caocaogram-2026-04-14-10-44-40/Đâu là thứ chúng ta nên tập trung Tài Chính/ Khách Hàng/ Sản Phẩm/ Nội Bộ để đạt được điều đó|Đâu là thứ chúng ta nên tập trung Tài Chính/ Khách Hàng/ Sản Phẩm/ Nội Bộ để đạt được điều đó]]
          * [[Đâu là chiến lược sẽ lựa chọn]]
          * [[Kế hoạch của chúng ta sẽ là]]
          * [[Roam/caocaogram-2026-04-14-10-44-40/Phần thưởng bạn sẽ mua dành cho chính mình/ người khác nếu thực hiện được|Phần thưởng bạn sẽ mua dành cho chính mình/ người khác nếu thực hiện được]]
            * Hữu hình
            * Vô hình
          * [[Điều thú vị nhất sau buổi vừa rồi]]
      * Daily
        * [[Setter&Closer]]
          * Hai đội, mỗi đội 100 người/ngày (mới, follow up)
          * Tối thiểu 2 lịch hẹn chất lượng/ngày
          * Phối hợp marketing lên bài đăng hai bước: 30 bài trong 45 ngày (trên 3 kênh)
          * Chính sách: mỗi người thiếu phạt 10.000/người
        * [[Customer Success]]
          * [[On Boarding]]
            * Giao tiếp AC [[Slack]]
              * Mỗi ngày một tin nhắn hỏi thăm update tình hình
              * Điều hướng học: Cơ bản, Nâng cao, Habit
            * Khoá học cơ bản
              * Life Book
              * Smart Habit
              * Chọn thị trường
              * Lời chào hàng (Iris... Offer)
              * High-Ticket (Bootcamp)
              * Webinar Bootcamp (đã update)
              * Team Bootcamp (chưa)
              * Copywriting (chưa) 
            * Mỗi tuần 1 meeting 1-1 (one note)
              * Chiến thắng
              * Khó khăn
              * Action
                * Keep
                * Start
                * Stop
                * Học và làm WOW...
              * Chiến lược: 
                * Khảo sát - [[Thu Phương]] (CTT & LCH)
                  * Lý thuyết
                  * Bài tập
                  * Ví dụ
                * MVP [[Tuyết Trần Phương Hoàng]]
                  * Lý thuyết
                  * Bài tập
                  * Ví dụ
                * Bán hàng 1-1 (prospecting) [[Hạnh Chu]]
                  * Lý thuyết
                  * Bài tập
                  * Ví dụ
                * Bán hàng 1-n (webinar) [[Thu Hồng]] + [[Tuyết Trần Phương Hoàng]] ...
                  * Lý thuyết
                  * Bài tập
                  * Ví dụ
            * Daily tracking Habit 80%
              * 1. Thiền 10 phút
              * 2. Tập thể dục 10 phút
              * 3. Học 60 phút
              * 4. Làm sản phẩm 60 phút
              * 5. Viết nội dung 60 phút
              * 6. Nói chuyện khách 60 phút
          * Hỗ trợ khách chốt đơn
            * Học khoá High-Ticket Team, ghi chép lại:
              * Thông tin: https://www.skool.com/conduongbotngu/classroom/585e3488?md=926d4e8ef755409f9bb4924162f3be0b
          * Hỗ trợ khách làm offer
            * Học khoá Lời chào hàng, ghi chép lại:
              * Thông tin khoá:
                * https://www.skool.com/thenewrich/classroom/d73ea513?md=f6b137c8d4ab4d72bc71d2f6c7d205f7
          * Hỗ trợ khách tạo dựng sản phẩm
            * Học khoá Course Pro, ghi chép lại:
              * Nội dung
                * Preparation
                  * Bài 0: Structure Your Course
                    * **Key Learning Points**
                      * Being a great presenter is not just a talent, but a skill you can learn.
                      * Creating a course inspired by your knowledge and experiences benefits the world.
                      * Most of your fears are just an illusion. If they happen to manifest, you can always overcome them.
                    * **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about what type of course you want to create.
                      * What is your end goal in building your course?
                      * Ponder over how your course can solve a problem.
                  * Bài 0: The Models of Online Learning
                    * **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. There are two main types of courses: MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses) and CBCs (Cohort Based Courses - mở theo mỗi ngày một chút).
                      * 2. The sign-up rate for MOOCs is high, but the completion rate on average is only around 5%.
                      * 3. There are three main advantages of the CBCs:
                        * Based on cohorts with concrete start dates.
                        * Contain bite-size and digestible pieces of information.
                        * Offer the option to interact with the community.
                * Part 1: Unleash Your Uniqueness
                  * Bài 1: How Course Creation Can Change Your Life
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Compelling visions keep us pushing forward, and are essential when building a course.
                      * 2. The benefits of having an online course are building a legacy, earning money, and creating a strong brand.
                      * 3. There are two main ways to leverage online courses:
                        * Offer free access to your premium program.
                        * Showcase your content online.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about the next 12 months and where you want to be in a year.
                      *  Stick the paper with the list of benefits somewhere visible to see every day.
                  * Bài 2: Why Your Fears Are an Illusion
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. If you allow your fears to dwarf you, you will never find the courage to do what you want to do.
                      * 2. What we fear can be prevented, but if they happen to manifest, they can always be overcome.
                      * 3. The most common fears holding us back are:
                        * The belief, ‘I’m not good enough.’
                        * The course won’t live up to expectations.
                        * Nobody will buy the course.
                        * Others won’t like the content.
                        * The fear of bad reviews.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about your fears and write them down.
                      * Ask yourself what you can do to prevent the worst-case scenario from happening.
                  * Bài 3: Having the Courage to Create
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. A powerful identity is the foundation for how you see yourself. It's important to build one that serves you.
                      * 2. When you compare yourself to other people, it's easy to fall into the trap of underestimating yourself and overestimating other people.
                      * 3. You are better than you think you are. When you work on your identity, make sure it’s an empowering one.****
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * 1. Imagine being an actor and playing out different roles.
                      * 2. Complete the ‘‘Why I’m Great” List Exercise:
                        * Think about and write down all the positive things pertaining to you.
                        * Think about and write down all the things you take for granted that seemed impossible in the past.
                  * Bài 4: Discover and Infuse Your Values Into Your Brand
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * There are three main personal brand and style concepts: brand frequency, your personal style, and brand photography.
                      * To become iconic, you have to have a narrow brand frequency. Singular brand frequency is super important.
                      * You can incorporate what you love with your style, but you want to ensure that you have a style.
                      * Good photography uplifts the sales up to 20%, speaks to people subconsciously, and builds credibility.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Write down your brand frequency.
                      * Find something to wear that represents your frequency.
                      * Invest in good photography.
                  * Bài 5: Get Clear on Your Filming Options
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. When filming a course, you can do it all by yourself, pay professionals, or use a value exchange filming option.
                      * 2. You can use a regular phone to make decent videos, but make sure you use a good quality microphone.
                      * 3. When filming a course:
                        * Shoot from the waist up.
                        * Show your palms.
                        * Have minimum light changes throughout the shoot.
                      * 4. When you pay for filming and editing or use the value exchange filming option, make sure that both parties understand the deal.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about all the filming options presented in this lesson.
                      * Pick the filming option that suits you best and take the first step to make it happen.
                      * Filming Equipment PDF can be found down below.
                        * {{[[pdf]]: https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/firescript-577a2.appspot.com/o/imgs%2Fapp%2Fcaocaogram%2F5MED0c12tB.pdf?alt=media&token=c6ecb04a-a9fe-4037-9a4f-0da076a96e2c}}
                  * Bài 6: Overcome Toxic Perfectionism
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Toxic perfectionism may prevent you from taking any action. It’s better to have a smaller, shorter course completed than getting stuck with massive aspirations that may lead nowhere.
                      * 2. Start small by creating a minimum viable product that will give you valuable feedback from your audience so you can improve the content and fill the gaps if needed.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Start thinking about the minimum viable product that you can build.
                      * Define and write down the specifics of the duration of your course.
                  * Bài 7: Summary Of The First Part
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * The benefits of having an online course are building a legacy and creating a strong brand.
                      * Fears can be prevented, but if what we’re worried about ends up happening, there will always be a solution.
                      * It’s important to build a powerful identity that serves you.
                      * The three main personal brand concepts are brand frequency, personal style, and photography.
                      *  It’s possible to shoot on any budget and get a decent result.
                      * Avoid toxic perfectionism to keep you going.
                    * ### **Write Your Insights**
                      * We invite you to join our new platform, [**Mindvalley Insights**](https://insights.mindvalley.com/), to share your discoveries throughout your progress on this Quest. Use the tag "Course Pro" and any other you may find related to your insight. Sharing your story will help co-elevate the whole Mindvalley community. You may log in with your Mindvalley account details.
                * Part 2: Design Your Course
                  * Bài 8: What to Teach and How to Position Yourself
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Trying to serve everyone results in serving no one. If you want to make it big, pick a niche for your course.
                      * 2. Combine your course topic that matches your unique experience and style. This will help you stand out from other course creators.
                      * 3. Define your avatar figure to determine who is your target audience and how you can solve their challenges and problems.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about the ‘impossible’ challenges that you managed to overcome.
                      * Come up with your topic that has a unique angle and begin drafting it.
                      * Find an avatar and describe it in great detail.
                      * Share your avatar with the Mindvalley Tribe.
                  * Bài 9: Shape Your Identity for a Boost in Confidence
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Speak naturally on camera as if you’re having a conversation with a friend.
                      * 2. The two pillars of consciousness engineering consist of installing a new model of reality in someone and teaching them a new system for living.
                      * 3. Shape your own identity and overcome resistance because of your new identity.
                      * 4. Stack a new habit on top of an existing one to set people up for success.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Come up with your identity and write it down.
                      * Practice a habit stacking technique when creating your course.
                  * Bài 10: Design Courses That Create Shifts in Your Student
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * The Six Shifts exercise helps create a vision of how you want to transform your students when creating a course.
                        * The mindset shift provides a new and extraordinary way of looking at the world.
                        * The habit shift helps to change people’s habits.
                        * A lifestyle shift goes beyond a habit shift.
                        * The show-up shift is how you show up in the world and how people see you.
                        * The toolkit upgrade is a shift that the student can use as a tool.
                        * The special power shift can be used for a spiritual course.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about the Six Shifts that you can provide your student with.
                      * Write down one shift in each category.
                  * Bài 11: Understanding a Winning Course Structure
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. The landing page is a web page where people land before buying your course.
                      * 2. The main landing page elements are the description, curriculum, reviews, the money-back guarantee, and biography.
                      * 3. The crucial videos every course should have are:
                        * Promotional video
                        * Introduction video
                        * Main content pieces
                        * Thank you video
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Look at the structure of some of your favorite courses.
                      * Have a mini case study of the structure elements learned in today’s lesson.
                  * Bài 12: The Step-By-Step Content Creation Process
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Use reverse engineering when creating your curriculum. Start with the end goal in mind and identify where you want to go.
                      * 2. Make the curriculum easy, digestible, and clear for the students. Bring the content pieces under sections and combine them into lessons.
                      * 3. Use the Post-it Notes strategy to get a bird’s-eye view of your curriculum for efficient re-arrangement.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Ask yourself what the objectives of your customer avatar are.
                      * Write down as many content pieces as possible.
                      * Analyze all the content pieces and combine them into lessons.
                      * Create draft titles of the potential lessons.
                      * Identify the main idea clusters.
                      * Write down the draft section titles on separate pieces of paper.
                      * Arrange the papers and Post-it Notes in order.
                  * Bài 13: How to Create Captivating Content That People Love
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Create hook points and open loops to captivate the student. Use the ABCS technique to highlight automation, benefit, create curiosity and specificity in your content.
                      * 2. Storytelling is a powerful way to engage the audience in an emotional way. Sharing a story propels your audience to learn and connect with you.
                      * 3. Using controversial statements, guest speakers, and case studies will spice up your content and make it more attractive to the student.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Apply the ABCS technique to the content you’re currently working on.
                      * Write down three stories that happened to you today.
                      * Jay Shetty's interview can be found over [HERE](https://home.mindvalley.com/channels/all-access/media/3305-mvuv-jay-shetty).
                  * Bài 14: Understand the 5 Rules of Human Transformation
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Learning is to take on new facts and new data. Transformation is to take on a new meaning schema of the world.
                      * 2. The Five Praxis of Transformation are:
                        * Critical reflection
                        * Critical study
                        * Social discourse
                        * Rate of application
                        * Altered states
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about The Five Praxis and write down at least three of them.
                      * Share your ideas with the Mindvalley Tribe (optional).
                  * Bài 15: Summary Of The Second Part
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * **1. **Pick a niche for your course and combine your course topic that matches your unique experience and flavor.
                      * **2. **Shape your own identity and overcome resistance when integrating it.
                      * **3. **The Six Shifts exercise helps create a vision of how you want to transform your students when creating a course.
                      * **4. **The crucial videos every course should have are promotional video, introduction video, main content pieces, and the thank you video.
                      * **5. **Make the curriculum easy, digestible, and clear for the students.
                      * **6. **Using the ABCS technique, storytelling, controversial statements, guest speakers, and case studies captivate the students.
                      * **7. **Apply** ***The Five Praxis* of Transformation to your course for the best results.****
                    * ### **Write Your Insights**
                      * We invite you to join our new platform, [**Mindvalley Insights**](https://insights.mindvalley.com/), to share your discoveries throughout your progress on this Quest. Use the tag "Course Pro" and any other you may find related to your insight. Sharing your story will help co-elevate the whole Mindvalley community. You may log in with your Mindvalley account details.
                * Part 3: Produce Your Course
                  * Bài 16: Creating Magnetic Bonuses
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Bonuses are like extra gifts that can improve the quality of your score as well as accelerate sales.
                      * 2. A step ladder bonus is a bonus designed to make your program reachable to people.
                      * 3. A continuous bonus keeps you in the mind of the customer and brings them back.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about the bonuses you want to create.
                      * Test the first one out.
                  * Bài 17: Prepare Your Written Content for On-Camera Delivery
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Maintain constant eye contact with your viewers.
                      * 2. Each lesson and video can be divided into separate content pieces and filmed individually.
                      * 3. When designing content pieces:
                        * Write down the video title.
                        * Figure out the objectives.
                        * Speak the objectives out loud.
                        * Create a list of bullet points.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * 1. Think about the objectives of your lesson.
                      * 2. Separate your videos into content pieces and write down the bullet points.
                  * Bài 18: Presenting Your Course With Confidence and Charisma
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. When people buy online courses, they want to be guided in a compelling and entertaining way.
                      * 2. Strategy of Building Charisma:
                        * Tell a story and exert emotion.
                        * Address your audience directly.
                        * Add extra energy.
                        * Address the potential objections.
                        * Use positive body language.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Make a 30-second video on your phone.
                      * Make another video and pay attention to your body language.
                  * Bài 19: Let’s Get Your "Pajama" Draft Filmed Today!
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. The pajama draft is filming your entire content from the beginning till the end, dressed up in something ridiculous.
                      * 2. The idea behind the pajama draft is to present your entire course from the beginning till the end with zero pressure.
                      * 3. Pajama Draft Steps:
                        * Set up your camera or phone on a tripod.
                        * Press record and start presenting.
                        * If you make a mistake, keep going.
                        * Have fun with it.
                        * Delete the videos.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Create your pajama draft.
                      * Optional: Share it with your Tribe.
                  * Bài 20: Create Your Promotional Trailer Video
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. The trailer is the most important video of any course. If people like what they see, only then will they buy the course.
                      * 2. Trailer ingredients contain:
                        * The hook point
                        * Vulnerability combined with credibility
                        * Listing clear objectives
                        * Uniqueness and potential objections
                        * CTA and money-back guarantee
                        * Usage of b-rolls
                        * Scarcity
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Write down what you think worked well in Jimmy’s trailer and what could be improved.
                      * Think about the trailer ingredients and work on your draft.
                      * Optional: Share with your Mindvalley Tribe.
                  * Bài 21: Let’s Get Your Course Filmed
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Being prepared for the shoot gives you the confidence to deliver in front of the camera.
                      * 2. Filming Tips:
                        * Have multiple filming sessions
                        * Separate content pieces
                        * Clap for a new take
                        * Create verbal notes
                        * Avoid perfectionism
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Review the techniques you’ve learned so far.
                      * Shoot the actual course.
                  * Bài 22: Summary Of The Third Part
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * A step ladder and continuous bonuses are both gifts for life that can add extra value.
                      * When designing content pieces it’s important to figure out the objectives and create a list with bullet points.
                      * When people buy online courses, they want to be guided in a compelling and entertaining way.
                      * The idea behind the pajama draft is to present your entire course from the beginning till the end with zero pressure.
                      * The trailer is the most important video of any course. If people like what they see, only then will they buy the course.
                      * Being prepared for the shoot gives you the confidence to deliver in front of the camera.
                    * ### **Write Your Insights**
                      * We invite you to join our new platform, [**Mindvalley Insights**](https://insights.mindvalley.com/), to share your discoveries throughout your progress on this Quest. Use the tag "Course Pro" and any other you may find related to your insight. Sharing your story will help co-elevate the whole Mindvalley community. You may log in with your Mindvalley account details.
                * Part 4: Publish and Market Your Course
                  * Bài 23: Course Publishing Simplified
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Publishing platforms:
                        * Elite platforms
                        * Platforms with a marketplace
                        * Platforms without a marketplace
                      * 2. No course platform is inherently better than the other. You can use multiple platforms.
                      * 3. Platforms without a marketplace may be best suited for high-value courses.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Think about the different platforms.
                      * Write down the pros and cons of each platform.
                  * Bài 24: Learn How to Create a Landing Page
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Udemy is an easy and straightforward platform for creating your first landing page.
                      * 2. Invest some time in testing out various landing page options before publishing your course.
                      * 3. Ask your friends to rate your course to make your landing page attractive to potential customers.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Create a draft landing page for your course.
                      * Play around with different settings to see what works best.
                  * Bài 25: Rules of a Successful Course Launch
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. It’s important to work on your course launch even before the actual launch date to create hype.
                      * 2. Creating a snowball effect can be done by utilizing your inner circle and building social proof.
                      * 3. The Launch Strategies:
                        * Reach out to your inner circle.
                        * Build a spreadsheet.
                        * Inform your contacts before the launch.
                        * Send out the coupon codes.
                    * ### **Your Actions for Today**
                      * Create a spreadsheet and write down your inner circle.
                      * Share the course with your inner circle.
                      * Optional: Share your course with the Mindvalley Tribe and ask for their feedback.
                  * Bài 26: The Importance of Continuous Marketing
                    * ### **Key Learning Points**
                      * 1. Continuous marketing means creating a lead capture ecosystem through which you can communicate with people.
                      * 2. The three main marketing tools are:
                        * Email funnels
                        * Youtube videos
                        * Instagram posts
                      * 3. Choose between emails and Youtube, but Instagram is a must.
                  * Bài 27: Congratulations & How to Capitalize on Having a Course
                    * ### **Fill in Your Growth Survey**
                      * Fill in your Course Pro Growth Survey [here](https://airtable.com/shrt97AVK7nn4tvoL?prefill_Program=Course%20Pro&prefill_Assessment=Post-assessment). Evaluate yourself in the beginning and at the end of this Quest to acknowledge your progress.
                    * ### **Write Your Insights**
                      * We invite you to join our platform, [**Mindvalley Insights**](https://insights.mindvalley.com/), to share your discoveries throughout your progress on this Quest. Use the tag "Course Pro" and any other you may find related to your insight. Sharing your story will help co-elevate the whole Mindvalley community. You may log in with your Mindvalley account details.
                    * ### **Share Your Success Story**
                      * What breakthroughs have you experienced during this Quest? Share your story with us over [here](https://stories-admin.mindvalley.com/en/write/quest/course-pro).
              * Thông tin học
                * https://www.mindvalley.com/
                * Tài khoản: ductm@hotmail.com
                * Mật khẩu: canthan2008
            * Học khoá Chọn thị trường, ghi chép lại:
              * Thông tin học
                * https://www.skool.com/thenewrich/classroom/0b59a679?md=6624746e03254e62bebcce2e7647a782
        * [[A-Player]]
          * [[Freedom Friday]]
            * Life Secret
            * Reading
            * Work out
            * Tổng kết năm
          * [[Habit Tracking]] [[Coreteam]] 80%
            * 1. Thiền 10 phút
            * 2. Tập thể dục 10 phút
            * 3. Học kiến thức chuyên ngành 60 phút (học kiến thức chuyên sâu)
            * 4. Đọc sách 60 phút (productize yourself)
            * 5. Nói chuyện khách 60 phút
            * 6. Đi ngủ 22:00
            * 7. Viết nhật kí
        * AC
      * Weekly:
        * Coaching Call học viên coaching
      * Lưu ý:
        * Cập nhật báo cáo những ngày freedom, record (nếu có)
        * Hỗ trợ gửi quà Tết, emall chúc Tết học viên (đã từng tham gia học, gửi quà tặng)
          * Quà tặng Tết
            * Nhân viên: danh sách ship trước 10.1
            * Học viên: danh sách ship trước 10.1 - 300K
              * Coaching
              * Bootcamp
    * [[Hạnh Chu]]
      * T1: Học High-Ticket Team + [[Setter&Closer]]
        * Học ghi chép
      * T2: [[Setter&Closer]]
      * T3: [[Setter&Closer]]
      * T4: [[Setter&Closer]]
      * T5: [[Setter&Closer]]
      * Daily
        * [[Setter&Closer]]
          * Hai đội, mỗi đội 100 người/ngày (mới, follow up)
          * Tối thiểu 2 lịch hẹn chất lượng/ngày
          * Phối hợp marketing lên bài đăng hai bước: 30 bài trong 45 ngày (trên 3 kênh)
          * Chính sách: mỗi người thiếu phạt 10.000/người
        * [[Customer Success]]
          * Xây dựng hệ thống [[Setter&Closer]]
          * Hỗ trợ khách chốt đơn
            * Học khoá High-Ticket Team, ghi chép lại:
              * Thông tin: https://www.skool.com/conduongbotngu/classroom/585e3488?md=926d4e8ef755409f9bb4924162f3be0b
      * Weekly:
        * Coaching Call học viên coaching
        * Họp team [[Setter&Closer]]
      * Monthly
        * [[Công nợ]]
          * Khách
            * [[Anh Thơ]] $3000
            * [[Thanh Yên]] (chưa join nên chưa đóng)
            * [[Trịnh Phương Thảo]] $2000
            * [[Chloe]] 40M 28.12
            * [[Xuân Thuỷ]] 7.5M
            * (em viết thêm nhé)
          * Chính sách:
            * 1% thưởng cho những công nợ được hoàn thiện
            * Để đạt được điều đó, cần giúp khách hàng có kết quả!
        * [[Lương nhân sự]]
          * Bảng lương (Hạnh thêm vào nhé)
      * Lưu ý:
        * % Setter tính sau khi Thảo về
        * Lương gửi 2 hằng tháng (chụp lại toàn bộ màn hình), gửi chị Phương Trần
        * Thông tin chuyển khoản:
          * Trần Thị Phương
    * [[Thu Phương]]
      * T1 Podcast (hoàn thiện 2 video cũ) + Khảo sát "Vấn đề, Mong muốn"
        * 500 tia X
        * 250 1-n
        * 25 1-1
      * T2 Đăng bài fb nhóm [[High Ticket Consultant]]
        * Kéo người vào
        * Đăng tải thông tin chuyên sâu (email, bài viết), Thao Tran
        * CTA Đặt lịch
      * T3 [[High Ticket Bootcamp 2]]
        * Thời gian chạy:
          * 1.12 - 20.1
        * Mục tiêu:
          * Mỗi ngày 2 đặt lịch chất lượng
          * Chuyển đổi 14 đơn hàng
        * Kéo traffic:
          * Ads 20.000.000 (ngân sách)
          * Content 2 bước (30 bài tối thiểu trên các kênh) 
      * T4 [[High Ticket Bootcamp 2]]
        * Thời gian chạy:
          * 1.12 - 20.1
        * Mục tiêu:
          * Mỗi ngày 2 đặt lịch chất lượng
          * Chuyển đổi 14 đơn hàng
        * Kéo traffic:
          * Ads 20.000.000 (ngân sách)
          * Content 2 bước (30 bài tối thiểu trên các kênh) 
      * T5: [[Webinar]] [[My Year 2023]] 
        * Thời gian chạy:
          * 24.1-....
        * Thời gian tổ chức: 15 Âm
        * Mục tiêu
          * Mục tiêu: 1000 người đăng kí
          * Show up: 300 người
          * Chốt sales: 10 người 
        * Kéo traffic:
          * Ads
          * KOL
          * Content
      * Daily
        * [[Onni Channel]]
          * [[Instagram]]
            * 2 post + 2 story [[CCG]]
              * 1 video short
            * 2 post + 2 story  [[CCWS]]
              * 1 video short
            * 2 post + 2 story [[CCAgency]]
          * [[Facebook]]
            * 1 post fanpage [[CCG]]
            * 1 post fanpage [[CCWS]]
          * [[Youtube]] [[CCG]]
            * 1 video short
            * 1 video dài (lấy từ khoá học)
            * 1 post cộng đồng
          * [[Tiktok]] [[The New Rich]]
            * 1 video short
          * [[Skool]] [[The New Rich]]
            * 1 post
          * [[Zalo]] [[The New Rich]]
            * 1 tin nhắn - 2 ngày:
              * Gửi quà tặng
              * Dẫn Skool
              * Dẫn Youtube
          * [[Email]]
            * 1 email [[50 Letters New You - New Year]]
            * 1 email [[High Ticket]]
          * Chính sách: mỗi bài thiếu phạt 20.000/bài
        * [[Setter&Closer]]
          * Hai đội, mỗi đội 100 người/ngày (mới, follow up)
          * Tối thiểu 2 lịch hẹn chất lượng/ngày
          * Phối hợp marketing lên bài đăng hai bước: 30 bài trong 45 ngày (trên 3 kênh)
          * Chính sách: mỗi người thiếu phạt 10.000/người
        * [[Customer Success]]
          * Xây dựng hệ thống [[Setter&Closer]]
          * Hỗ trợ khách chốt đơn
            * Học khoá High-Ticket Team, ghi chép lại:
              * Thông tin: https://www.skool.com/conduongbotngu/classroom/585e3488?md=926d4e8ef755409f9bb4924162f3be0b
        * Tương tác cộng đồng [[Skool]]
      * Weekly
        * Coaching Call học viên coaching
        * Họp team [[Setter&Closer]]
      * Lưu ý:
        * Mỗi bài thiếu phạt 20.000/bài
    * Mục tiêu:
      * Branding:
        * Zalo: 4000
          * KOL
        * Skool: 2000

        * Email: 4000 (leads)
      * Muc tiêu:
        * Branding:
          * Zalo: 4000
          * Skool: 2000
          * Email: 4000 (leads))
        * Selling: 
          * 1.7 tỷ doanh số
      * Nếu hoàn thành:
        * Thưởng 50% lương tháng 4.000.000/người
    * Công ty:
      * 1. [[Thu Hồng]] Record toàn bộ thời gian làm việc: 8:00-11:30 (điền bảng))
      * 2. [[Hạnh Chu]] Thanh toán lương chụp màn hình, gửi chị [[Phương Trần]] (điền bảng)
      * 3. [[Phương Hoàng]] Check habit, vào muộn, họp tại bảng theo dõi (điền bảng)
      * 4. [[Thu Phương]] Check omni (điền bảng)
  * [[Quà tặng webinar My Year My Plan]]
    * Trang web thực hành đánh giá cuộc sống:
      * https://life.mindvalley.com/
    * Thiết lập mục tiêu cuộc sống:
      * https://www.skool.com/thenewrich/classroom/c7e404fa?md=a2b322a296e6431081784cb1f510d54f
    * Một phiên bản mới:
      * https://www.skool.com/thenewrich/classroom/e3240310?md=65ac8b8242524000bf499198515be60b
    * Video "Grow With Video" cách tăng trưởng nội dung miễn phí:
      * https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xTBYYH2wuZ0InNS4tb9oNWiJxiIGTzsI/view
    * Template:
      * Tổng kết Ngày + Tuần:
      * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MlRYx8MwHyYwE9YQnpU95n55SS6gt5zk4wddnNEbdVI/edit#heading=h.c3t7chtoz48
      * Tổng kết tháng/ quý/ năm: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZYdEAPKFd6gfRDAZ2FRMJSs4G5ZkYUWK6BIMEE51hT8/copy
    * Đo lường cải tiến, bản kế hoạch
      * https://www.skool.com/thenewrich/classroom/a4b18fc4?md=0cab01ad4cfa4cd4bbfe74438c169f2d
    * Cuốn sách 2023:
      * Điều ý nghĩa nhất trong cuộc đời (The One Thing)
      * Ai chứ không phải cái gì (Who not how)
      * Siêu cò (How To Be A Power Connector)
      * Làm chủ (Mastery)